Team Meeting 
4 / 25 / 2018


Attendance:
•	Felipe Canales
•	Arun Mavumkal
•	Derrick Delacruz

Summary of Meeting:

•	Discussed what is needed to be done for the final release
• Discussed how we will present our project to the class
• Add on features - weather API, forgot password, email validation

Completed Since Last Meeting:

•	Derrick Dela Cruz - Changed pilot acronyms to plain english.
•	Felipe Canales - Frontend work. Implemented enter key for login/signup. Pop up was created for when a user clicks on a log entry. The pop up shows the data of said log entry.
•	Arun Mavumkal -  Backend work. Implemented delete function for admins in the logbook


Tasks to Be Completed Before Next Meeting:

•	Felipe Canales – Frontend - Make edit feature functional in logbook
•	Arun Mavumkal – Backend - Create service for edit feature
•	Derrick Dela Cruz - Static e-board page


Task Descriptions:

•	Arun Mavumkal – Create backend service for edit feature. 
•	Felipe Canales  - Create frontend side of edit feature 
•	Derrick Dela Cruz – Static page with information about the eboard of the club
