Team Meeting 
4 / 18 / 2018


Attendance:
•	Felipe Canales
•	Derrick Dela Cruz
•	Arun Mavumkal

Summary of Meeting:

•	Discussed what is needed to be done for the final release
• Discussed bugs
• Add on features

Completed Since Last Meeting:

•	Derrick Dela Cruz - Essay for grade make up
•	Felipe Canales - Frontend work. Added checkboxes to logbook, sorting, modifications to frontend
•	Arun Mavumkal -  Modified login endpoints, created sign up endpoints, confirmation page, delete endpoints


Tasks to Be Completed Before Next Meeting:

•	Felipe Canales – Modify logbook entry field validations. Pop up for editing a log entry for admins
•	Arun Mavumkal –  Delete functionality for logbook page. Make edit feature functional
•	Derrick Dela Cruz - Acronyms for "pilot language" to plain english


Task Descriptions:

•	Arun Mavumkal – Add functionality to the delete button/edit fields for admin's logbook
•	Felipe Canales  - When an admins click on edit button, have text fields pop up for them to edit
•	Derrick Dela Cruz – Acronyms for "pilot language" to plain english
