Team Meeting 
4 / 11 / 2018


Attendance:
•	Felipe Canales
•	Derrick Dela Cruz
•	Arun Mavumkal

Summary of Meeting:

•	Discussed what is needed to make the beta
•	Dicussed workflow - committing more github branches so we know what each other's progress is at
•	Discussion of fixing Use Cases
•	Admin page debugging

Completed Since Last Meeting:

•	Derrick Dela Cruz - Created admin page skeleton (no good)
•	Felipe Canales - Created form validation for Sign up and Logbook pages. Modified sign up form fields.
•	Arun Mavumkal -  Modified skeleton for admin page.


Tasks to Be Completed Before Next Meeting:

•	Felipe Canales – Confirmation page for admins
•	Arun Mavumkal –  Create sign up endpoints/sign up service
•	Derrick Dela Cruz - Admin page menu


Task Descriptions:

•	Arun Mavumkal – Backend for signup 
•	Felipe Canales  - Confirmation page for admins to confirm or deny logbook entries
•	Derrick Dela Cruz – Admin page menu
