Team Meeting 
5 / 2 / 2018


Attendance:
•	Felipe Canales
•	Arun Mavumkal
•	Derrick Delacruz

Summary of Meeting:

•	Discussed what is needed to be done for the final release
• Add on features for future - weather API, forgot password, email validation
• 

Completed Since Last Meeting:

•	Derrick Dela Cruz - E-board static page
•	Felipe Canales - Redesigned logbook and navbar through Frontend work.
•	Arun Mavumkal -  Backend work. Implemented delete and edit function for admins in the logbook.


Tasks to Be Completed Before Next Meeting:

•	Felipe Canales – Frontend - implement beta test feature
•	Arun Mavumkal – Backend - implement weather API
•	Derrick Dela Cruz - Frontend - add units to logbook


Task Descriptions:

•	Arun Mavumkal – Implement weather API feature. 
•	Felipe Canales  - implement beta test feature
•	Derrick Dela Cruz – edit logbook to make it have units
